docs/term: add information to make it work with WSL (#936)
wez/wezterm: docs/config/lua/config/term.md

you are using has a relatively outdated ncurses installation, the `wezterm`
terminfo will also enable italics and true color support.

> If you are using WSL, wezterm will automatically populate `WSLENV` to properly set TERM, COLORTERM, TERM_PROGRAM and TERM_PROGRAM_VERSION.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using WSL, wezterm will automatically populate `WSLENV` to properly set TERM, COLORTERM, TERM_PROGRAM and TERM_PROGRAM_VERSION in the environment when crossing between win32 and WSL environments.
```

See [this Microsoft blog post](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/commandline/share-environment-vars-between-wsl-and-windows/#what-are-environment-variables) for more information on how `WSLENV` works.

> If your package manager installed the TERM definition in a non-standard location which will likely be the case if your are using nixpkgs/home-manager/NixOS then you need to set `TERMINFO_DIRS` before your profile is loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your package manager installed the terminfo data in a non-standard location, which will likely be the case if your are using nixpkgs/home-manager/NixOS, then you need to set `TERMINFO_DIRS` in the environment in order for applications to find it.
```

> The following snippet works if you installed `wezterm.terminfo` with nix into your user profile. Update the path to `TERMINFO_DIRS` to your location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following snippet works if you installed `wezterm.terminfo` with nix into your user profile. Update the path to `TERMINFO_DIRS` to match the location on your system.
```

you are using has a relatively outdated ncurses installation, the `wezterm`
terminfo will also enable italics and true color support.

> If you are using WSL in wezterm you need to set the `WSLENV` variable in Windows to `TERM` otherwise WSL will default to `xterm-256color`.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are using WSL, wezterm will automatically populate `WSLENV` to properly set TERM, COLORTERM, TERM_PROGRAM and TERM_PROGRAM_VERSION.
```

> See [this Microsoft blog post](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/commandline/share-environment-vars-between-wsl-and-windows/#what-are-environment-variables) for more information on how to do that.

Author: ````suggestion
See [this Microsoft blog post](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/commandline/share-environment-vars-between-wsl-and-windows/#what-are-environment-variables) for more information on how `WSLENV` works.

Add the following snippet to your config to make it work if you manually installed the TERM definition.

```lua
  set_environment_variables={
    WSLENV='TERM'
  },
  term = "wezterm",
```

If your package manager installed the TERM definition in a none standard location which will likely be the case if your are using nixpkgs/home-manager/NixOS then you need to set `TERMINFO_DIRS` before your profile is loaded.
The following snippet works if you installed `wezterm.terminfo` with nix into your user profile. Update the path to `TERMINFO_DIRS` to your location.

```lua
  set_environment_variables={
    TERMINFO_DIRS='/home/user/.nix-profile/share/terminfo',
    WSLENV='TERM:TERMINFO_DIRS'
  },
  term = "wezterm",
```
````

Reviewer 2: s/none standard/non-standard/g
